Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the subcategory screen.
And in order to make this cleaner, what we can do is within the views directory we are going to create
a new folder and we are going to call this folder miner on the score screens.
And within the miner on the screens, we are going to create a new file and we are going to call this
sub on the score category, on the score screen and the dart.
And now we can use Control D and we can just create a stateless widget since we basically not going
to update the UI stateless widget and sub category screen.
And over here we need to allow it and these control dots import the material that that package and now
we can get rid of this constructor.
And.
Over the side.
We can just have.
A color for now and all those that may be read.
Okay.
And what we want to do is whenever a user clicks on any of this, we want to take the user to the subcategory
screen.
To do that, we have to head back to the category screen.
And.
Sorry.
Not there, but the man.
That's a good screen.
And over this column, we're going to wrap it with a button to do that, a light and use control and
not wrap with widgets.
And we're going to wrap this with a gesture detector.
And as well, you can wrap this with an inkwell.
It has a property known as on tap, same as the inkwell.
And we can then say Navigator.
Navigator Dot.
What?
So we can just go ahead and say push.
You can see it automatically.
Also pass the contest.
And for the roots, this is called Materia.
Paid roots.
And it can take the contest.
And most of the time you do not really need to pass the beauty contest or to specify the type.
And over year.
We can then return the sub category.
Subcategory screen.
Okay.
And I think.
I like it.
This contract, it's important.
Okay.
We start.
I think we are having.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
Over the.
And we have to maybe how to start again.
You can see we are having this issue about.
Yeah and it's basically want us to convert this to stateful widgets since all this data are basically
dynamic, we're going to sort out that later.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this and.
And and you can check it out now.
And it's hard to start this up for sure.
Category and the man we can click on this link, you can see and now we can then continue.
Over the subcategory screen.
We can then get rid of this and change this to a scaffold.
Scaffold.
And we basically need a high bar, high bar and sushi bar.
And as you know, they have our.
So.
But.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And is it going to get rid of this color?
Okay, great.
And what we want to do is we want to pass the data that is the name of the category.
Which is the name of the the the name of the category.
And that is the test we have via.
To.
To this place that is as the as the title of the harbor.
To do that, what we have to do is over the sub category.
We are going to create a finer variable and we are going to call this sub category.
Name and.
We are splitting the test.
So it's going to be a type of string and now we have to align these contain dots to create constructor
for final fields.
Okay, great.
And now we are going to have this error because we are making this required.
So any time we call this subcategory screen, we have to pass the value to that variable.
Okay.
Over here.
So over here, we need to call the subcategory name, and we're going to pass the main.
And we just have to say the indents of it all to start this again.
Well, we start hopefully understand what we are trying to do.
Okay.
We just have to.
Or should we start this and go check it out?
You know how to start this for sure.
Sorry for delays.
Okay.
And men, click on this.
We have to display it over there.
Right.
Okay.
Back to the main.
So the subcategory.
And we need the title.
It is a test and we are going to pass the sub category name.
This country needs to save.
Okay.
Look, you can see and we can take this to the center.
The harbor has a property known as center title.
Okay.
We can just use this arrow to go back.
And t shirts.
You're going to see the t shirt over there.
We could just get rid of this.
Okay.
And what we can also do.
We can be sure of this.
Page.
The screen is the is for the main category.
So what we can do is we send the so it's in the scaffold, we can have the body.
And for the body we can have a sense of with that child.
And what we can also do is we can say finer and we can call this.
You can just go ahead and specify.
We are expecting the test and then category.
Main category.
And we have to pass this on to the constructor by saying required and this dot main category.
Okay for.
This is going to be a test and we can then say man category.
Okay.
This would basically tell us the subcategory screen we are currently in.
Yeah.
We need to pass this and then category.
We can then say, man.
Right.
Okay.
And if you create this for if you create because over here you're going to create a new categories.
Right, for the women.
You're also going to specify that it is a women category.
That is the women's category.
Sorry.
Okay.
We have to basically how to start this.
And hopefully we have no errors.
Okay.
But we start then.
He's going know how to start this.
And this you can see men.
And for the women, we have currently not viewed darts, but definitely we are going to have something
similar to this over here.
And we can basically just copy all this and create a new screen and that therefore the main category
that is going to be women.
Okay.
And now we're going to sort out this.
What we can just do is.
Within the.
Within the lead territory.
We can create a new folder and we can call this Youth SEAL Leach's.
And for this utilities, we can then create a new file.
We can call this category on the score list, then the dot.
And.
Over the main categories.
We can then call this off from the air and definitely we're going to have that error since it is no
longer defined and we have to face this via.
And now we then need to import.
A light and import OC that is all.
And over here you can see we are using the static lens.
Right.
So instead of this, we can get rid of that and say, man, that's.
That lends.
Okay.
And this is basically everything you need to know on how to create a category and a sub category.
So I think this should be the end of this section, but before then we can just go ahead and try to
see.
Everything is working the same.
And currently we want to buy a product from the main category because I'm guy and if you're a woman
you can just go to this your category section and try to do this yourself.
It's going to be similar to that of the man.
You can basically just copy the codes and.
I want to support cheese from this subcategory of this shirt.
And this will basically tell me I'm currently in the men subcategory, right, for the women.
After clicking on the subcategory, it's going to say women to tell the user, Hey, you're currently
in the you're currently in the women subcategory.
So that was why I basically did that.
And you can see we're basically parsing the title.
And lastly, we can just tie this.
Okay.
Back to.
The minor screens.
Okay.
And we can then set the hub bar, the two colors of white.
And you're not going to see that again, right.
Since it has the color of white.
And now we are setting this to white.
And you can see the test also has a color of white.
So for the icon, we can then say icon team and it's going to be icon team data.
So I can't seem.
Data.
And it has a color.
So you can then see colors the black.
And for the test, we can then have a style, test, style.
And change the color to colors that block.
Okay.
And we need that news conference is save and everything is going to work fine now.
And we can get rid of that shadow by saying elevation to zero.
The key is control, say.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And codes.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Look, guys.
See you in the next section.